FFTW is a free collection of fast C routines for computing the
Discrete Fourier Transform in one or more dimensions.  It includes
complex, real, symmetric, and parallel transforms, and can handle
arbitrary array sizes efficiently.  FFTW is typically faster than
other publically-available FFT implementations, and is even
competitive with vendor-tuned libraries.  (See our web page
http://fftw.org/ for extensive benchmarks.)  To achieve this
performance, FFTW uses novel code-generation and runtime
self-optimization techniques (along with many other tricks).

The doc/ directory contains the manual in texinfo, PDF, info, and HTML
formats.  Frequently asked questions and answers can be found in the
doc/FAQ/ directory in ASCII and HTML.

For a quick introduction to calling FFTW, see the "Tutorial" section
of the manual.

INSTALLATION
------------

If you have downloaded an official release, please read chapter
10 "Installation and Customization" of the manual.  In short:

     ./configure
     make
     make install

If you are using the git repository, install ocaml, autoconf,
automake, and libtool, and execute the bootstrap.sh script.  Most of
the source code of fftw is generated automatically, and this script
generates all the required source files.


CONTACTS
--------

FFTW was written by Matteo Frigo and Steven G. Johnson.  You can
contact them at fftw@fftw.org.  The latest version of FFTW,
benchmarks, links, and other information can be found at the FFTW home
page (http://www.fftw.org).  You can also sign up to the fftw-announce
Google group to receive (infrequent) updates and information about new
releases.
